Microservice Architecture (A practical approach) 
Duration: 2 Month 
Course Fee: 5000 Rs/Student

Course Content:

Introduction
	1. What is Microservice?
	2. What is Web Service? Key Terminology.
	3. Introduction to SOAP WS and RESTful WS
	4. SOAP WS Vs RESTful WS
	
RESTful WS with SpringBoot
	1. What is SpringBoot and Advantage of SpringBoot.
	2. Initializing a RESTful Service project with SpringBoot
	3. Hello World Project with SpringBoot
	4. Auto configuration and Dispatcher Servlet
	5. Basic Annotations
	6. Implementation of HTTP protocol methods
	7. Exception Handling 
	8. Internationalisation
	9. Content Negotiation
	10. Swagger Documentation
	11. Monitoring API with SpringBoot Actuator
	12. Implementing Static Filtering for RESTful Service
	13. Implementing Dynamic Filtering for RESTful Service
	14. Versioning RESTful Services - Basic Approach with URIs
	15. Versioning RESTful Services - Header and Content Negotiation Approach
	16. Implementing Basic Authentication with Spring Security
	17. Overview of Connecting RESTful Service to JPA
	18. Creating User Entity and some test data
	19. Updating GET methods on User Resource to use JPA
	20. Updating POST and DELETE methods on User Resource to use JPA
	21. Creating Post Entity and Many to One Relationship with User Entity
	22. Implementing a GET & POST service to retrieve all Posts of a User
	23. RESTful Web Services - Best Practices
	
Microservice with Spring Cloud
	1.  Introduction to Microservices and Challenges with Microservices.
	2.  Introduction to Spring Cloud
	3.  Advantages of Microservices Architectures
	4.  Microservice Components - Standardizing Ports and URL
	5.  Intro to Spring Cloud Config Server
	6.  Example program to demonstrate Cloud Config Server.
	7.  Connect Spring Cloud Config Server to Local Git Repository
	8.  Configuration for Multiple Environments in Git Repository
	9.  Connect Limits Service to Spring Cloud Config Server
	10. Setting up client side load balancing with Ribbon
	11. Example program to demonstrate client side load balancer Ribbon.
	12. Understand the need for a Naming Server
	13. Setting up Eureka Naming Server
	14. Example program to demonstrate Eureka Server.
	15. Distributing calls using Eureka and Ribbon
	16. Feign Client
	17. A review of implementing Eureka, Ribbon and Feign
	18. Introduction to API Gateways.
	19. Setting up Zuul API Gateway.
	20. Implementing Zuul Logging Filter
	21. Setting up Zuul API Gateway between microservice invocations
	22. Introduction to Distributed Tracing & Implementing Spring Cloud Sleuth
	23. Introduction to Distributed Tracing with Zipkin
	24. Setting up Distributed Tracing with Zipkin & RabbitMQ Server
	25. Connecting microservices to Zipkin
	26. Using Zipkin UI Dashboard to trace requests
	27. Understanding the need for Spring Cloud Bus
	28. Implementing Spring Cloud Bus
	29. Fault Tolerance with Hystrix
	30. Review of springboot based microservices.
	